Document participant pruning for operators [KVL-421] (#8138)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/services.rst

.. _ledger-api-testing-services:

Pruning service
============================

> Use the **pruning service** to prune archived contracts and transactions before or at a given offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **pruning service** to prune events on behalf of archived contracts and command completions before and at a given offset.
```

Author: Done.
